<<<<<<< HEAD
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/AccountBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.AccountBinding
=======
com/bulat/soshicon2/Registration/RegistrationFinish.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationFinish
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationFinish$1
>>>>>>> 5c9fd0bdc3d8df0f0b564c263e3219ce9143765e
com/bulat/soshicon2/FileHandler/AppSpecificFiles.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.FileHandler.AppSpecificFiles
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/AuthorizationBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.AuthorizationBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/asynctasks/SendQuery.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.asynctasks.SendQuery
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ToastAddErrorTwoBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ToastAddErrorTwoBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ToastInternetMessageBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ToastInternetMessageBinding
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/MainBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.MainBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/RegistrationEmailBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.RegistrationEmailBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/RegistrationFinishBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.RegistrationFinishBinding
=======
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/FragmentChatBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.FragmentChatBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/FragmentRegistrationEmailBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.FragmentRegistrationEmailBinding
>>>>>>> 5c9fd0bdc3d8df0f0b564c263e3219ce9143765e
com/bulat/soshicon2/BottomNavigation/Response.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Response
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ToastSuccessBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ToastSuccessBinding
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/bulat/soshicon2/SplashActivity.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.SplashActivity
com/bulat/soshicon2/checks/NetCheck.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.checks.NetCheck
com/bulat/soshicon2/SQLUtils/SQLUtils.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.SQLUtils.SQLUtils
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/RowCardEventBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.RowCardEventBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/BottomNavigation/Chat.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Chat
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/EventTapeBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.EventTapeBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ChatBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ChatBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/RegistrationPasswordBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.RegistrationPasswordBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/RegistrationNameBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.RegistrationNameBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/AccountSettingBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.AccountSettingBinding
=======
com/bulat/soshicon2/Registration/Authorization.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.Authorization
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.Authorization$1
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.Authorization$2
com/bulat/soshicon2/checks/NetCheck.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.checks.NetCheck
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/SplashActivity.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.SplashActivity
com/bulat/soshicon2/MainActivity.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.MainActivity
 com.bulat.soshicon2.MainActivity$1
com/bulat/soshicon2/BottomNavigation/Event.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Event
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/FragmentResponseBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.FragmentResponseBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/FragmentAccountSettingBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.FragmentAccountSettingBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/FragmentRegistrationFinishBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.FragmentRegistrationFinishBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/FragmentRegistrationNameBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.FragmentRegistrationNameBinding
>>>>>>> 5c9fd0bdc3d8df0f0b564c263e3219ce9143765e
com/bulat/soshicon2/Registration/RegistrationEmail.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationEmail
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationEmail$1
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ToastAddErrorBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ToastAddErrorBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/Registration/RegistrationName.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationName
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationName$1
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ResponseBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ResponseBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/checks/UniqueNameCheck.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.checks.UniqueNameCheck
com/bulat/soshicon2/Registration/RegistrationPassword.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationPassword
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationPassword$1
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/bulat/soshicon2/Registration/Authorization.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.Authorization
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.Authorization$1
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.Authorization$2
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ToastErrorSendMessageBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ToastErrorSendMessageBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/BottomshitAddEventBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.BottomshitAddEventBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/BuildConfig.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BuildConfig
com/bulat/soshicon2/Registration/RegistrationFinish.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationFinish
 com.bulat.soshicon2.Registration.RegistrationFinish$1
com/bulat/soshicon2/BottomNavigation/Account.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Account
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Account$1
com/bulat/soshicon2/MainActivity.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.MainActivity
 com.bulat.soshicon2.MainActivity$1
com/bulat/soshicon2/BottomNavigation/Event.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Event
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Event$1
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Event$2
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Event$MyAdapter
com/bulat/soshicon2/event/Fragment_Add.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.event.Fragment_Add
 com.bulat.soshicon2.event.Fragment_Add$1
=======
com/bulat/soshicon2/BottomNavigation/Account.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Account
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Account$1
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/ToastErrorSendMessageBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.ToastErrorSendMessageBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/FragmentAuthorizationBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.FragmentAuthorizationBinding
com/bulat/soshicon2/BuildConfig.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BuildConfig
com/bulat/soshicon2/SQLUtils/SQLUtils.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.SQLUtils.SQLUtils
com/bulat/soshicon2/checks/UniqueNameCheck.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.checks.UniqueNameCheck
com/bulat/soshicon2/BottomNavigation/Chat.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.BottomNavigation.Chat
com/bulat/soshicon2/databinding/FragmentRegistrationPasswordBinding.java
 com.bulat.soshicon2.databinding.FragmentRegistrationPasswordBinding
>>>>>>> 5c9fd0bdc3d8df0f0b564c263e3219ce9143765e
